{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green20\blue19;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c7451\c7843\c7451;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16780\viewh12200\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 DONE:
\f1\b0 \
- shorter duration attn. dot  - now 2*frames\
- 70% brightening for predictive flash   \
- check duration of flash - OK at 7*frames\
- 30% of attentional dots appear in non-cued quads (random selection) 
\f2\fs20 p.scr.cueValid sets % of valid cues in SEQ_ParamsScr= 
\fs24 \

\f1 - make fixation a la Thaler et al. 2013 : now using \'91double\'92 plus cross plus central white dot\
- change beep to red gaussian \
\
- check in makeTextures.m   ~line 165 
\f2\fs20 % had to reverse order of rows and columns : [p.scr.colDotSet1, p.scr.rowDotSet1] =  find( maskDotQuad_1 == 1 );
\fs24 \

\f1 - timing of ff loop - not fast enough on my computer for .5 secs per screen - made 2x2 textures. FIXED?\
- currently attentional dot is only in one quadrant to ensure attention doesn\'92t wander across screen. FIXED\
\

\f0\b STILL TO DO:\
- low beep for missed dot or for false alarm - timing doesn\'92t work!\
-dot detection level 50% or 80% determines \
-% dots ??? \
\
STAIRCASE
\f1\b0 \
- using matlab toolbox from Shen et al., 2014 \cf2 doi: 10.3758/s13428-014-0450-6 ?\
- vary \'91int\'92 of gaussian dot in gaus_attn_tex using stimDisplayStaircase (not sure this is working)\
- dot only in one quadrant? good training for attentional focus\cf0 \
\

\f0\b \'91POLICING\'92 \

\f1\b0 - Use Snd() and Quiet() hopefully won\'92t interrupt series presentation using Eyelink? \
- Add comment on ability to retain fixation in taskFeedback.m?\
\

\f0\b ANGLE to PIXEL
\f1\b0  \
- quadrant-stimulus size goes from scrSize in pixel to angle to pixels to ensure proper fit on screen; fixation and dot are set by angle to pixel\
\

\f0\b CALIBRATIION\
- need to figure out how to restrict calibration to central area (no point in calibrating full screen)
\f1\b0 \
- eyetracker functions, check all needed messages are sent to .edf file; correlate with script output \'91exper\'92\
\
\

\f0\b IMPROVEMENTS
\f1\b0  / 
\f0\b QUESTIONS / concerns\

\f1\b0 \
- check output to overall structure \'91exper.\'92 - some random fields e.g. \'91ans\'92 ?\
\

\f0\b DONE
\f1\b0  - 
\f0\b comments/questions
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b task feedback
\f1\b0  - gives detail on hits and false alarms; \

\f0\b dot timing and area
\f1\b0  - seems to work well, but we discussed restricting e.g. to arc? (use difference between circular masks to set arc size)\

\f0\b fixation - 
\f1\b0 gaussian seems to work better for fixation than a cross - easier to maintain focus, less tendency to follow cross-arms, better for later analysis? would this be acceptable in view of literatures?}